Actually, I'll show one which is um I
took the Gemini 3 logo from I forget
there was like the cool little like
point dot thing. Yeah. Which I really
liked and I I put it into AI Studio and
the prompt was like I think literally
just bring anything to life. Um and so
if we throw it up onto the big screen
I'll show I'll show what I have. Um and
the Yeah. Awesome. So, what I like about
this is when you refresh, you sort of
get the like little dots balls dropping
into place, which I really liked. And
then it says, "Greetings. I am Gemini 3.
Interact with my digital form or ask me
anything. Hello, Gemini 3.
Greetings." I like it. Good vibes. I
feel like the design is cool. Um, and
and literally the the thing that I liked
about the the reason this example sort
of resonated with me is because my
prompt was literally bring this picture
to life and it wasn't like I didn't
describe that I wanted like an
interactive website and all this other
stuff and it just did it which is
awesome. So, and Kat I think you had
another example that was something like
this.
>> Yeah. So I took one of our quantum
research papers and did a similarly
simple prompt of I want to understand
this because quantum goes right over my
head and asked it to create a you know
interactive visual interface for me to
explore this research paper. So we can
see this alpha cubit design uh looks
super clean and again super proud of the
aesthetic outputs for 3. Um, but we can
see we can explore the results here and
it pulled all of this from a lengthy
thorough technical PDF. Uh,
>> did it and it like screenshotted parts
of the PDF and then put them into the
app or like how is it getting those
these look like screenshots?
>> No, those are I think just it interacted
based on the results uh all grounded in
this you know 20page PDF uh which is
super cool to see. I will say I think
this like goes back to something Core I
said earlier like um I think one of the
things that I'm really excited about
with Gemini 3 is this like cross format
>> right so to your point about bring
anything to life right being able to
actually go from
>> text to like richer visuals being able
to actually visual like interact with a
graph instead of just trying to process
it in the in a consistent format and
we're actually putting that everywhere
so you can build these in AI Studio but
you can also actually experience this in
AI mode as a part of the search
experience. We're experimenting with a
version of this in the labs part of the
Gemini app. So, we're actually really
trying to lean into this idea of how do
you actually cross form factors in a way
that is like most effective for you,
right?
>> I love it. I feel like um also Gemini
app canvas has a sort of similar
>> Gemini app Canvas also has and and Gen
UI or no GenU.
>> Yeah. There's um a generative layout uh
feature in AI mode. So when you use
Gemini 3 in AI mode, you can depending
on your prompt will get a richer layout
experience that includes things like
widgets um that you can actually
interact with. We're experimenting with
a lab's version of a generative uh
layout product in Gemini app. Cool.
>> Um and then there's also canvas where
you can also vibe code and build really
cool things. So it's going to be really
awesome to see kind of what that plays
out to be.
>> Super. I love it.